

File	    Purpose
-----       -------
domain.yml	Defines intents, entities, slots, responses, actions
nlu.yml	    Provides training examples for each intent , (when each intent is triggered)
stories.yml	Defines how the bot should respond to sequences of intents (to connect intent to response)
rules.yml	Defines static one-turn behavior (e.g., always respond with X when Y is said)



Intents don't automatically trigger responses in Rasa.

You must specify how the assistant should behave when it recognizes an intent.

So even if a user's message is correctly classified as greet, Rasa won’t know what to do unless:

You define a rule (deterministic reaction)

OR define a story (context-aware conversation)


credentiels file:
-----------------
credentiels file: to integrated the chatbot with other systems


LLM:
----
rasa use LLM by connecting to it in the pipeline by using : name: DIETClassifier


entities and slot:
------------------
Entities are extracted from user messages by your NLU model.
Then, through your dialogue management (stories, rules, or forms), you assign the entity value to a slot (e.g., course_name).
Later in your action, you just read that slot instead of parsing entities again.

slots are memory location where we can store data for a long period of time

Why use slots? 
-Slots hold state across multiple turns in the conversation.

-For example, the user might say:

    User: "Tell me about Machine Learning."

    Rasa extracts entity course_name=Machine Learning, sets the slot course_name.

    Action reads the slot, responds with details.

-If the user follows up with:

    User: "What about Deep Learning?"

    Slot updates to Deep Learning, action again reads it and replies.

Slots help your bot remember important info throughout the chat, which is essential for more complex interactions.



commands lines:
---------------
rasa train
rasa shell
rasa shell --debug
rasa shell nlu
rasa run actions
rasa interactive
rasa run --enable-api
rasa run --enable-api --cors "*" --debug   // to allow rasa to receive message from outside (cross origin ressource sharing)
rasa run -m models --enable-api --cors "*"
rasa run -m models --enable-api --cors "*" --debug --port 5005